Last week I met with Audrey in person during her visit to London. During our meeting, I discussed a few projects I have been working on with DML and the recent involvement I've had with the vTaiwan community. She encouraged me to take the lead in shaping the futures I aspire to live in. Her encouragement not only allowed me to prioritise the various projects I have at hand but also to identify and initiate something I thought missing in the world. I have lived a few days with this newfound attitude to work, and it does feel great.

I have met some new friends in London. Among them, my interactions with Flynn have been memorable. We met again on Sunday for a quick lunch, marking our second hangout. The conversations, thoughts, and ideas we exchanged were incredibly stimulating and thought-provoking. Flynn has a remarkable ability to articulate his thoughts, and I feel fortunate to have found someone with whom I can bounce ideas and engage in deep discussions. 

Through Carl's introduction, I also had a chance to brainstorm a project proposal with Alex of [Chatham House](https://www.chathamhouse.org). They have been extremely supportive and generous with their time. I hope the potential collaboration can be funded so we can all have a great excuse to work together.

I also went to the London Design Biennale this week, I like the [multi-sensory expereince provided by Austria](https://londondesignbiennale.com/pavilions/2023/austria) the most. "A loaf or slice of bread may seem simple, but there is a curious complexity to the matter of bread." They play with sounds and texture, light and inter-species symbiosis with thousands of different microorganisms. On the same day I entered an exclusive workshop held by [Policy Lab](https://openpolicy.blog.gov.uk), the room-sized exhibition was very inspiring as some provocations were made to nudge use rethink humand and more-than-human interactions. 