This week I met with Christel and Christopher of KCL again for lunch and discussed further for potential collaboration.

I also had the opportunity to give an online talk at the Institute for Ethics in AI, Oxford University, on the topic of [Digital Democracy in Taiwan](https://www.oxford-aiethics.ox.ac.uk/ethics-ai-lunchtime-research-seminars-digital-democracy-taiwan). In this talk, I took a new approach by focusing on sharing the important people and communities in Taiwan that play a crucial role in Taiwan's digital democracy, such as g0v, vTaiwan, and PO Network. Although I wish I could have done better during the Q&A session, overall, it was a valuable experience.

On Thursday, I traveled to Newcastle for a three-hour workshop hosted by Prof. Martin King who just joined Northumbria University. Martin and I have known each other for years and have become good friends since we first met in Madrid. It was fantastic to have the opportunity to work closely with him this time, as I really enjoyed the process of preparing for the workshop. My role was to introduce Pol.is and share case studies from Taiwan, while Gavin Wood, another co-lecturer, was invited to introduced ChatGPT. We wanted the workshop to be interactive, allowing policy advisors not only to be exposed to these technologies but also to try them out and reflect on how they could envision using these technologies in their work. Martin supported us in shaping our outlines and we rehearsed multiple times to ensure that the lecture was engaging and provided a good depth of knowledge along with case studies. The workshop went so well. Policy advisors in Newcastle, who participated in the workshop, shared their feedback and provided insightful criticism regarding the potential use of these technologies for collecting citizen input. I am keen to work with Martin again, and also I look forward for future opportunities hearing feedbacks from within institutions.

Over Friday and Saturday, I visited Sheffield and participated in the Festival of Debate. It was a humbling experience to witness the contribution of numerous organizations in rethinking the rights for nature, particularly in relation to the rivers. The workshop took place at Kelham Island Museum, which is situated near the River Dôn itself.

The week ended with Mother's Day. I called my family and had a lovely chat during their dinner, which was my lunchtime.