Last week, Open AI released a captivating call for proposals called [Democratic Inputs to AI](https://openai.com/blog/democratic-inputs-to-ai). While I don't currently plan to apply myself, I am happy to have lent a hand to the community, sharing my reflections from vTaiwan experience. Taking this as a great excuse, I decided to revive the weekly discussions in vTaiwan. Peter's quite keen on joining in. Can't wait to catch up with him and see if this Democracy input to AI topic tickles the community's fancy.

I finally met for the first time with Hadjar from Pol.is, and time seemed to fly by. It became evident that we can collaborate on numerous endeavors. We even had a giggle talking about our note-taking process. Hadjar introduced me how she uses Obsidian and mentioned a feature on Remarkable that I hadn't been aware of: Present with Screen Share. That will make my life so much more convenient!

I gained further insights into HyperCerts and realized that they are in the early stages so they are still tinkering away and trying all sorts of things.  While its functioning resembles that of venture capitals, the fact that it is implemented on the blockchain brings about transparency, fostering support for impact-driven initiatives.

Over the weekend, Tina, Erica, and I visited [Chiswick flower market](https://www.instagram.com/chiswickflowermkt/?hl=en), and I must say, it was a job well done. I ended up buying somes herbs to spice up our kitchen, a sunflower plant that brings some sun shine indoors, and a few white dream tulips to jazz up our living room.