We flew to Taiwan last weekend, and I met with the Akaswap team for the first time. I also reconnected with the founder of 23 Design, whom I had an interview with a few years back. Coincidentally, we are now working on the same project! The team is very talented, and it's great to meet a few faces offline.

Over this weekend, I co-hosted a consultation meeting at vTaiwan with Peter. Many guests attended and shared their valuable opinions. We even had a few international friends, including Vanessa from Germany, who was accompanied by a translator, and three representatives from Tokyo-To, Japan. Erica did an excellent job in facilitation, she asked the right questions, and the best part is that she also gain lots more confidence after actaully gone through a formal meeting. Peter was amazing, too. He was involved in organization, facilitation, and even paid extra attention to drink orders! Paul was there also to support everything about the meeting during the meeting. It's wonderful to have a handful of reliable friends in the community. I am very excited to see the community grow and maintain its momentum. I also see great potential in a few more members who can help take this community further. After the main event, we all went out for dinner, which was a lot of fun. We got so engrossed in conversation that our dinner lasted for four hours, covering future steps for vTaiwan.

Now, it's time to prepare for the studio registration. A few old friends disrupted my holiday plans right after I landed, as we discussed co-creating a few workshops later this year. Nevertheless, I am really excited about the immense potential to setup a tiny studio or think-tank in Taiwan.

There have also been a few changes in DML; a few team members have moved on. This simply means more responsibility and more fun.
